---
sidebar_position: 6
---

# Privacy policy

**Effective Date: 12/10/23**

At Destop Bots AI, we are committed to protecting your privacy and ensuring the security of your data. Our Privacy Policy outlines how we handle data generated using our application. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our policies.

**1. Data Collection and Usage:**

We are proud to declare that Destop Bots AI does not collect, store, or access any of your data. We do not gather any personal information, usage data, or any content created using our application. You, as the user, retain full ownership and control over all data generated by the app.

**2. Data Ownership:**

We want to make it clear that you own all the data created using Destop Bots AI. We do not claim any rights or ownership over the content, documents, or any other output generated by our application. You have the complete authority to use, modify, or delete the data as you see fit.

**3. Data Security:**

While we do not store any of your data, we take data security seriously. Our application is designed to run on your local device, ensuring that your information remains on your own hardware. This approach minimizes the risk of data breaches or unauthorized access to your content.

**4. User Privacy:**

Your privacy is of utmost importance to us. We do not engage in any form of data tracking, monitoring, or profiling. You can use Destop Bots AI with the assurance that your activities within the app are private and not subject to any form of surveillance.

**5. External Services:**

It's important to note that Destop Bots AI may allow integration with external services or applications. We recommend reviewing the privacy policies of these third-party services, as they may have their own data collection and usage practices. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of external services or websites.

**6. Changes to the Privacy Policy:**

Destop Bots AI reserves the right to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will provide notice of any material changes, and the updated policy will be effective from the date of the revised policy. Your continued use of our application after such updates constitutes your acknowledgment and acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy.

**7. Contact Us:**

If you have any questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy or how we handle data, please feel free to contact us:

info(AT)desktopbots.ai

**8. Conclusion:**

Destop Bots AI is committed to maintaining the privacy of its users and ensuring that you have complete control over your data. We do not collect, store, or access any information created using our application. Your trust and privacy are essential to us, and we are dedicated to upholding the highest standards of data security and protection.

Thank you for choosing Destop Bots AI.